Allow configuring Lambda Memory (#347)
awslabs/amazon-s3-find-and-forget: docs/USER_GUIDE.md

     see [Fargate Configuration]
   - **DeletionTaskMemory:** (Default: 30720) Fargate task memory limit. For
     more info see [Fargate Configuration]

>    - **LambdaAPIMemorySize:** (Default: 128) The memory allocated to Lambda API
>      handlers. For more info see [Lambda Configuration]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - **LambdaAPIMemorySize:** (Default: 128) The memory allocated to API
     handler Lambda functions. For more info see [Lambda Configuration]
```

>    - **LambdaJobsMemorySize:** (Default: 512) The memory allocated to Lambda
>      Deletion Jobs tasks. For more info see [Lambda Configuration]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - **LambdaJobsMemorySize:** (Default: 512) The memory allocated to
     Deletion Job Lambda functions. For more info see [Lambda Configuration]
```
